I'm offering you a chance
to finish what you started.
You know my target.
Massoud Danawi.
This is a joint
Agency-Mossad Sanction unit.
You never said this
was a joint operation.
I said I work against Iran.
Mossad being here
ain't a big leap.
Danawi received five
million in crypto.
with instructions to deliver
that money to this guy.
Balázs Molnar.
No one on Molnar's side
knows what Danawi looks like.
Mohammad. as Danawi. is
gonna meet with Molnar
and purchase whatever it is
he's trying to sell to Iran.
With my bearings. Iran
has adequate uranium
to build a bomb in
less than a year.
West entrance has a third party.
-Closing the distance.
-Coming to you.
Ish is KIA.
You get that motherfucker.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
♪ Well. Mama told me ♪
♪ When I was young ♪
♪ "Come sit beside me ♪
♪ my only son ♪
♪ and listen closely ♪
♪ to what I say ♪
♪ And if you do this ♪
♪ it'll help you
some sunny day ♪
♪ Ah. yeah" ♪
That's all Ish traveled with?
That's all we can send home.
Mo was saying he
has a wife and kids.
Yeah. he was estranged.
Uh...
Yeah. Ish married the job.
They should know what
he died for. sir.
Eh. this isn't about
ceremony for us.
No tridents in coffins.
Ish will be a star on a
wall. and that's enough.
I'm sorry for your loss. sir.
You got the guy that got Ish.
Thank you.
Hello?
-Uh. sir. this is...
-Names aren't necessary.
Just know I'm a friend of your
father's from his days with the Scouts.
And I'm happy to help
pay off an old debt.
Did he tell you why I'm calling?
Haven't talked to
him. Just email.
But it's clear he doesn't know what
happened with you and the teams.
Well. this. uh. this
isn't about me. sir.
You'd like to know
about Jed Haverford.
I'd like to know who
I'm working for. yes.
May I ask. are the risks
that have been taken
bigger than the cost of what
you're trying to prevent?
Not when you put it like that.
Then the man you're working for is doing
what he's done for the past 30 years.
Jed Haverford helped found the
Iranian Operations Division.
He's had one purpose since 1983:
to keep a tiger in its cage.
He's dedicated his
life to that cause.
-What happened in '83?
-Islamic jihad happened.
A proxy force for the
Iranian hardliners
bombed our embassy in Beirut.
Jed and the Agency worked there.
Lost eight friends and two
vertebrae in the attack.
Only made him tougher. though.
So he's motivated.
Oh. yes.
Jed Haverford's ability
to hold a grudge
has done more for America in the
region than the last two wars.
And he runs
the longest tenured
asset inside Tehran.
An insider. codenamed
the Shepherd.
Look what they
brought for you.
Minister. you honor us.
What do you say. Babak?
Thank you. Minister.
You're welcome.
Can you read the
inscription on the box?
"The handle of your
dagger is world seizing."
Your father is helping
Iran seize the world.
Ah. Babak?
Careful. Babak!
This is not a toy. this
is the gift of a war hero.
We are grateful for your
generosity. Minister.
I hope it reminds him
of his home country.
You are generous to us.
We have karaoke for
those who want...
No. no wait wait. One
more gift! Babak dear.
Babak. dear. this is for you.
What do you think is inside?
Huh? Are you happy?
An iPhone! Thank you. Uncle. thank
you! It's the best gift ever.
I adore you.
With the work your father is doing
to open Iran back to the world...
...you will need a
powerful tool like this.
Plus. it has Candy Crush!
A wonderful party.
Thank you for all you've
done these past few months
for Iran and our
nuclear program.
I know it's not easy
being so far from home.
You're too kind.
And you. Vahid...
It will be good to get
you back to Tehran...
Hmm.
...and remember
where you're from.
I look forward to it. Minister.
My part of this work will
be done within the week.
Thank you again.
God keep you safe.
What?
He's right.
You're forgetting yourself.
You know as well as I...
...this is not the time to
be swimming in these waters.
It's the task we've been given.
Your work is meaningful
too. Cyrus. Life changing.
It shows the power of diplomacy.
But what do you think happens when we give
technology like this to men like Yousef?
We rise through the ranks.
and take back control.
Control?
Look at the chaos caused by our allies
who fight with sticks and rocks.
What do you think happens when nuclear
weapons are in the wrong hands?
They won't be in
the wrong hands.
Maybe it's you who's been away
from our country too long.
Okay.
Checkmate.
Fuck.
That's the beauty
of the game. man.
Even a pawn can take a king.
Wait. did we bet on this?
Good game.
Heard from my source.
Dinner at the table tonight.
We are up and running.
Finally.
I was beginning to find
this shit interesting.
Thanks to Edwards getting
that photo in Budapest.
we now know Molnar
is working with
the Khalid Network.
The Khalid Network?
Black-market nuclear
proliferation group.
Makes sense Tehran
turns to them.
This nuclear deal will
set them back decades.
But what's beyond
comprehension is that.
even knowing that someone
else may be in play.
the hardliners have decided to
keep this exchange on track.
We've been tracking
Danawi's phone for weeks.
No calls. no texts. Why now?
Tehran has a hidden
enrichment facility
coming online.
Last chance to get new tech into
the country before the agreement.
So. Iran ditches the ratlines.
and goes direct between
the Khalid Network
and the Quds Forces?
Bold fucking move.
Well. my sources say that
the Khalid Network is
moving Molnar's bearings
from Budapest to Geneva
by road this week.
We're gonna hit that
shipment en route.
Who's the source?
Someone inside.
So here's the play.
We intercept the convoy.
we insert our team in
the delivery stream.
and then we close
the deal with Tehran.
So we're giving
them what they want?
No. Tal.
We're giving them
upstream disruption.
We'll take Molnar and his
bearings off the board.
Then. my asset will deliver the
fake bearings in their place.
Now. with these fake bearings.
the centrifuges can't
spin fast enough.
rendering Tehran's
new facility useless.
Eliza will stay in
lead. but I need
a shooter with experience
to back her up.
I'll take it.
You got it.
Hastings and Tal will get the
fake bearings from Mossad.
Mohammed. Landry.
weapons acquisition.
Uh. this. uh. convoy hit.
it's kind of like
preparing a meal.
You get it right. and it's
all "compliments to the chef."
Get it wrong...
and everyone eats shit.
We're going to
recon two routes...
Hastings. you got a minute?
Hey.
Smoke?
Oh. No. thank you.
I. uh. prefer the
adult-size cigars.
Well. you missing out.
Hand-rolled on the thighs
of beautiful Cuban women.
Have a seat.
I hear you've been. uh.
poking around about me.
It's okay.
Your father has a lot
of friends in Langley.
But just so you know.
I'm here.
and you have any questions.
you can always come see me.
Your source inside Tehran...
...the Shepherd.
Who verifies that
intel he's feeding you?
SEALs.
You really don't like
working single source.
We launched a war based
off of single source intel.
-How's that working out?
-Uh. fair enough.
Always the toughest part of
an operator racking over.
You can't drop a deuce downrange without
four people telling you where to shit.
I worked with. uh. the
Shepherd for decades.
Hunting down Imad Mughniyeh.
the Stuxnet operation that. uh. put
the hit on the Iran nuclear program.
He's better than dual source.
and he's got the track
record to prove it.
Plus. we only communicate
via a fully encrypted portal.
But let me give you
one more reason.
What is it about Mohammed that makes
you trust an Iraqi to watch your six?
I know what he's fighting for.
Exactly.
He puts family.
and all he considers family.
above the corrupt
needs of his nation.
The Shepherd is no different.
Hey.
What's the speed limit here?
-Does it matter?
-No.
♪ Machine gun ♪
♪ Tearing my body all apart ♪
♪ Machine gun. yeah ♪
♪ Tearing my body all apart ♪♪
Channelized.
Controllable.
What about E&E routes?
Door on your right.
We're clear.
Breacher 101.
Tunnel's up ahead.
Tal can get access to CCTV
and electronic from here.
Eliza?
Plenty of places to get lost.
I'll have Tal pull
the plans for E&E.
Copy.
Move.
Hey.
What'd he say?
It's not the first time he's
caught lovers down here.
Mm-hmm.
You sell it well.
You make it easy. Pirate.
Okay. so a try is worth three...
-Five points. yeah.
-Five points.
-A conversion kick. two.
-Mm-hmm.
Dropped goal...
...two?
-Three points.
yeah. -Three points.
And a penalty.
three. but only if it
goes through uprights.
Yes. that's right. Very good.
-There you go.
-See? You're getting it.
I'm actually not
getting a thing.
Rugby is. like.
impossible to understand.
It's not impossible
to understand.
This coming from the girl
playing… Geometry Dash.
-What is this game?
-It's fun.
Okay. Give me a minute
with my contact.
then I'll call you over. yeah?
I thought I asked you to wait.
You did.
Mordechai Ofer. Raife Hastings.
Mordechai?
You look like a banker.
You look like an operator.
Yeah. Tal can
forge an ID. but...
she can't hide that
operator swagger.
A gift for you
from the nerd brigade.
Do they miss me?
Tova thinks you are crazy
to be out in the field.
Sam is happy to
have your office.
320.
As requested.
Synthetic diamond.
It's similar in appearance to
Molnar's Lonsdaleite bearings.
but not nearly hard
enough to provide
adequate damping. so
centrifuges will never
spin fast enough to enrich.
The sheen is different.
Only person who
knows this is Molnar.
And our American friends will
help us take care of that problem.
You did all of this
in just a few days?
We're good here?
Raife?
Sure.
Bearings secured.
We'll RTB.
Oh.
Swagger and acronyms.
I love joint operations.
Take care of our girl.
Tal?
Don't fuck this up.
Ha ha.
Hey. Hastings. check it out.
Christmas came early.
And. uh. Hanukkah. too.
And whatever it is
that you celebrate. Mo.
His hypocrisy is only
outdone by his ignorance.
Uh-oh. Hajji talk.
Oh. I'm just...
I'm complimenting
your ability to. uh.
to find the perfect gift.
Raife. I have something
for you. my friend.
It's not your 1911.
but still a .45.
-Good man.
-Yeah.
Oh. don't get
jealous. baby girl.
I got something special
for you right here.
Just need to cherry it out a
little bit. make it extra sexy.
As long as it shoots straight.
Oh. I'm always a
straight shooter.
What about vehicles?
Ben and Eliza. uh. built a list.
Really?
-That was quick.
-Yeah.
Chief and the Mossad are
working well together.
Gentlemen.
Let's get this in.
Hey. I think we should add
a police bike to the job.
Mo. Raife. Landry.
you're gonna collapse
on the lead vehicle.
Eliza and I are gonna
fall in on the secondary.
take out the courier.
grab the real bearings.
Then we're out.
Tal releases traffic. and
we're on our way to deliver
the dummy bearings
via Haverford's asset.
What about the Molnar component?
Can't leave him alive.
Without Ish.
Molnar falls on me.
Questions?
What happens if we
can't fully isolate
that Khalid convoy?
Concern?
Excessive collateral damage.
Tal controls traffic flow.
And with the location of the tunnel.
we'll have at least 15 minutes
before law enforcement
or any QRF response.
But. yes. there's risk.
We need to mitigate what
we can and accept the rest.
Yeah. I couldn't agree more.
If we've exhausted
all other options.
Your recommendation?
We look for another
place to hit the convoy.
-Away from civilians.
-We've mapped
and scouted the entire route.
-There is no better option.
-Then we look for another time.
There is no other time. Raife.
This tunnel provides
us cover and control.
If that convoy gets
through. Iran wins.
I'm with Eliza here.
Listen. no one wants
fucking casualties.
There's two things in our favor:
controllable environment.
violence of action.
It's not ideal.
It never is.
It's sound.
Let's run it again.
Okay. I set up the checkpoints
at the south entrance.
Raife and I are
here. at the wrecker.
ready to go kinetic
in a moment's notice.
You good?
Yeah.
Teams and shit. eh?
I've been your chief
for a while now.
And I can tell when the
great Mtulivu is stewing.
Oh. you want to know
what I'm feeling?
I do.
All right.
Here's what my
gut is telling me.
And this gut has kept us alive more
than a few times over the years...
-Your gut has kept us alive?
-When you're distracted. yes.
Okay.
But that's the
partnership. right?
Iron sharpens iron.
Ben. we came here to
matter one more time.
To help keep our
brothers safe. right?
Then it was for me to get the
fuck out and for you to go back
-to the teams. You remember that plan?
-I do.
And we stuck around
to see it through.
But now we're
planning a convoy hit
in an allied country based off of
single-source intel. That's flag one.
We wouldn't have got that intel
-unless I did what I did.
-Flag two.
you are forgetting everything
you learned in the teams.
Back in Budapest. you walked
onto a subway car. alone.
to ice an enemy you
didn't even know.
Third flag...
you are thinking with the
wrong head. my friend.
But guess what?
She's not just some
cute little NCO.
She's an Israeli Mossad agent
that you don't know from Adam.
But you know what
the biggest flag
-for me is. Ben?
-No.
That you're out here.
checking in with me.
because I think your gut
is telling you exactly the
same thing across the board.
Except. in true Ben Edwards fashion.
you're not willing to listen to it.
Are you done?
I am seeing clear.
Perhaps more clear than I
have been in a long time.
Our job is to protect our boys.
And not for one minute did I get
the feeling that mattered to
our leadership back in Mosul.
Hastings. I'm fucking tired.
I'm tired of taking
orders from motherfuckers
who have never
been in a gunfight.
I'm tired of seeing
good men like Cox
turned into a fucking puppet.
Here...
...we have the freedom
to do the work.
And I know you see it. too.
Back at the teams. how
many signatures do we need
to wipe Danawi from the board?
Ten. 12. 15. maybe more.
You gave Danawi the
fate he deserved.
And instead of having
to apologize for it.
you protected our
boys downrange.
It fucking matters.
This job. man.
I get it.
Your concerns are warranted.
but this risk is worth
it eight days a week.
Trust me as much
as I trust you...
and we'll be fine.
Iron sharpens iron. my friend.
Honestly. I came out here to show
you how to fucking chop wood.
so may as well do that. before
you fucking hurt yourself.
Three. two. one. Let's go.
♪ There's a shadow
just behind me ♪
♪ Shrouding every step I take ♪
♪ Making every promise empty ♪
♪ Pointing every finger at me ♪
♪ Waiting like a
stalking butler ♪
♪ Who upon the finger rests ♪
♪ Murder now the
path of must we ♪
♪ Just because
the son has come ♪
♪ Jesus. won't you
fucking whistle ♪
♪ Something but the
past and done? ♪
♪ Jesus. won't you
fucking whistle ♪
♪ Something but the
past and done? ♪
♪ Why can't we not be sober? ♪
♪ I just want to
start this over ♪
♪ And why can't we ♪
♪ Drink forever? ♪
♪ I just want to
start this over...
Hey. there.
Landry. I did not
say. "Come in."
I smelled something
burning. What are you up to?
-Just prepping for the op. What's up?
-Study break.
Close your eyes.
Close your eyes. come on.
I'm not gonna close my eyes.
all right? Not gonna do that.
Fine. Ruin the surprise.
Oh. Voilà.
SIG's new MPX nine-millimeter
pistol in an AR platform.
Next to nothing
in terms of kick.
and. for this particular op.
the nine-millimeter round
won't travel as far as a 5.56.
So way less opportunity
for collateral damage.
Want to work in the field. got
to carry more than a peashooter.
-It is light.
-Yeah.
Thank you. Landry.
Try her on. Optics
are the best part.
Hmm.
Mm-hmm.
SIG Romeo 3 Red Dot. light-laser
combo from Streamlight.
Yeah. Put that dot on something.
And...
Said you wanted
to shoot straight.
Let's try the action.
You need to leave.
You forgot to thank me.
Okay.
Leave.
-Make me.
-Get... Get out.
-Get out.
-All right. all right.
-All right. girlfriend.
-I'm not your fucking girlfriend.
Oh. boy. Okay.
Do it again. I cut
your balls off.
Fuck.
Easy. All right?
I didn't mean nothing by it.
How you doing?
I think we should take
Landry off the op.
We need him to succeed.
What?
He got blood on my bracelet.
-Kabbalah string?
-A gift from Noa.
For protection.
Once she was old enough to
understand what I did for work.
she tied it around my
wrist when I was sleeping.
-I've worn one ever since.
-Hmm.
Does Mossad allow
personal jewelry?
What?
You and I are
following rules now?
No.
If it's okay with you...
...I'd love to have
a word with Landry.
It's been a long time coming.
It was a good lesson for Tal.
Plenty of Landrys in this world.
Mm-hmm.
Thank you.
Of course.
Okay.
Yes. We're en route.
We'll be in Geneva tonight.
Hey! What the hell
are you doing?
Do you like that song?
You don't?
What's up?
Be careful. they are
clearing the tunnel.
Stay alert.
Keep your eyes open.
Get out!
Back up! Back up!
Go! GO!
We have to get out!
Thank you.
Vehicle one. clear.
Moving.
Jackpot. Jackpot. Jackpot.
Great fucking job. everyone.
Copy. copy. Jackpot.
No police presence inbound.
Copy. Moving to exfil.
Tal. that includes you.
Copy.
Call it in.
How'd it go?
Jackpot. sir. You?
Molnar is deceased.
Return to base.
Copy. Meet you back at base.
RPG! RPG!
Mohammed?
Mohammed!
No!
Ben!
Ben. wake up!
I'm up! I'm up!
Let's fucking move!
-Tal!
-Move!
Moving! Moving!
Mo. are you hit?
Shooters! High ground!
Reloading!
Oh. fuck.
Shit. All right.
-Can you fight?
-Landry...
Fuck.
Landry. hot extract!
-Copy. Inbound.
-I'm okay.
Smoke!
Move! Move!
-Come on.
-Get him in the car! Let's go!
-Pull out!
-Landry. move!
Moving!
-Moving!
-Move!
Chief. I'm falling
the fuck back!
Get down!
Set!
Fuck!
Move!
-Move!
-Moving!
-Set!
Move!
-Moving!
Set!
-Set!
-Move!
Moving!
Set!
Fuck!
Too hot!
Rally point west!
On me!
Okay.
Fuck. Mo's down.
He'll be fine.
Landry's got him.
Doesn't make any fucking sense.
Any QRF takes more
than 15 minutes.
That was less than five.
I need fucking magazines...
Sorry. Ben.
She hacked my fucking phone.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm